Death is the greates teacher, it moving us foward for something or we stay with nothing.

i am dead but not still buried.

when you think there's no tommorow you will start to live.

everybody is vilain in someone elses story.

don't sink in to your deep maze in your hearth, it will always push you down.

i was scared of darkness but now i realised it was just me.

lies spread faster than the truth.

way down in to the deep i went, now there is no coming back.

if lifeline is not going up and down then it is not alive. Nor you live your life succefully.

i can rest in my coffin but not now.

output is equal to input.

you cannot run against death and time.

everyone will forgot about you but not when you are alredy forgotten.

if death is guarantied, why fear it ?

when your bike no longer scares you, sell it becouse that's when it kills you and it is not just for bikes.

never open your guard towards the flying daggers.

alive but still dead.

My heart broken, flame burning out, inside still dying but on look alive.

life is like a candle.

i never known how much pain it is to be in love with someone.

Don't waste the rest.

biggest hell is the earth, you are on earth just bc you were sinning in your past life

if devil is father of lies why earth cannot be the hell ?

Just one more day and then you can unalive yourself im telling this to myself since 2018.

Physical pain is less destructive than the one in mind.

Empty inside but still waiting on one girl that i like to talk to.

The more you know the more you wanna die.

why you think women wears white and men black when marry ? Becouse women represents light and men represents darkness.

i cant be destroyed, i have destroyed myself.

when the times comes, i hope death will find me alive.

tell noone, be noone, cuz that is who i am for most people close to me. 

sometimes the best kind of love is someone you knew the best walk away.

life is hard, that's why, noone survives.

why vilains speak before they kill hero ? cuz they need someone to finnaly lisen to them.

sheat the blade, sheat the words or those you have been loving could fall.

fire is the life, water is the death and darkness is the unknown

everyone telling lies, everyone telling truth but the one difference is what more is talking who?

lost in shades, drunk the darkness, weight the loss

we are to weak to fought the reality, that why we kept scroling over and over again though noone ever thought how big cowards we are.

When you still breathe make something from it

you can't repaire what is already broken, you just can slow it's suffering.

just another day...

Devil will welcome me and heaven will foreclose me.

and they still ticking

Sometimes even cry can mean happiness, smiling can mean sadness and no emotions can mean lot of them.

To strong to hold and to weak to express emotions to other

I cannot give you warmt but i can give you my presents.

Pravda je lék a jed.
